# Global 0.5-degree distribution of steady-state carbon pools simulated
---

## Description of the Data and file structure

The dataset of gobal simulation of steady-state carbon contains the following data and code files:
•	The simulation results of global steady-state carbon pools are listed in the files "Cpools_MIMICSa.csv", "Cpools_MIMICSb.csv", and "Cpools_MIMICSc.csv"
which contain the sizes of individual carbon pools simulated by the three version of MIMICS model at 0.5-degree resolution. The three tif files have the same values with the csv files. The three stacked TIF files represent global 0.5-degree distribution of steady-state carbon pools simulated by three versions of MIMICS model (MIMICSa, MIMICSb, MIMICSc). Each TIF file has 7 layers representing 7 carbon pools (unit kg C m-2) at the depth of 1 m. Layer 1 is LITm (metabolic litter). Layer 2 (structural litter): LITs, Layer 3: MBr ( r-type microbial biomass), Layer 4: MBK (K-type microbial biomass). Layer 5: Cphs (physically-protected carbon). Layer 6: Cchm (chemically-recalcitrant carbon). Layer 7 is Cavl (available carbon). The dataset can be opened with Raster package in R.
•	The codes to generate the results are four R files: "cal_steady_MIMICSab.R", "model_parameter_prepare.R", "simulate_global_Csoil_MIMICSa_MIMICSb.R', and "simulate_global_Csoil_MIMICSc_MOCmax.R". The driving data for the four R files are from (i) harmonized world soil carbon (HWSD) dataset , and (ii) the dataset of global stocks and capacity of mineral-associated soil organic carbon.
•	The Figures 5-7 in the manuscript illustrated the gobal simulation results and are generated by three R markdown files: "Fig.5 Global TSOC HWSD Mabc maps.Rmd", "Fig.6 Global MOC Mabc maps.Rmd', and "Fig.7 Global fCphs Mabc.Rmd". 







